Bug/18436 entity unregister redirect (#20786)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/lucky-kids-cough.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog': patch
---

> fixes bug where after unregistering an entity you are redirected to "/". Adds an optional external route "unregisterRedirect" into the catalog plugin which when bound will be navigated to on successful removal of an entity. If the external route is not bound it will default to using the catalog rootRouteRef "/catalog".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes bug where after unregistering an entity you are redirected to `/`.
- Adds an optional external route `unregisterRedirect` to override this behaviour to another route.
```
